---
title: "Construction of computer-aided product innovation design system based on AIGC"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2023-9-14-paper-title-number-8
excerpt: 'This paper proposes a computer-aided design system (CADS) based on AIGC, and verifies the feasibility of CADS through the case of a center console in electric vehicles.'
date: 2023-9-14
venue: 'Journal of Intelligent & Fuzzy Systems, under review'
paperurl: 'https://yumengha.github.io/yumhao.github.io/files/paper8.pdf'
citation: 'M.H. Yu, Construction of computer-aided product innovation design system based on AIGC, Journal of Intelligent & Fuzzy Systems (2023)'
---
**Abstract** With the development of AI technology, AIGC applications represented by ChatGPT are continually emerging, 
offering designers brand-new design tools. How designers should flexibly utilize the advantages of AIGC to expand creative 
boundaries, has become a crucial topic in exploring the future development path of design. To this end, this paper proposes a 
computer-aided design system (CADS) based on AIGC, and verifies the feasibility of CADS through the case of a center console in electric vehicles. In CADS, we regard the latest achievements of AIGC technology as beneficial tools to aid innovation.
Simultaneously, to enhance the originality and depth of content generated by AIGC, we use sentiment analysis based on online 
review data to mine users’ emotional tendencies, and use them as the emotional source for AIGC-generated content. Then, 
through training ChatGPT, we obtained Prompts in a professional format, which was input into Stable Diffusion for the text-to-image task. At this stage, we conducted three rounds of large-scale image generation. Following fine-tuning via the image-to-image function, we ultimately obtained high-quality product rendering images. For the first time, the research combines 
AIGC with product design from a practical application standpoint, laying a solid foundation for future product design practices 
based on AIGC.
**Keywords:** Industrial Design, Artificial Intelligence, Emotional Mining, ChatGPT, Stable Diffusion


[Download paper here](https://yumengha.github.io/yumhao.github.io/files/paper8.pdf)


## The Story Behind the Research: A Personal Note


This article was officially completed on September 14, 2023, and submitted to the Journal of Intelligent & Fuzzy Systems the following day.Given my limited time, it's likely the last article I wrote before formally preparing for my Ph.D. application. This is also the ninth article I've written in formal format during my graduate studies. Because of my previous writing experiences, the topic selection and writing quality of this article represent the best of my capabilities so far. For the topic, I chose the highly sought-after artificial intelligence technology. Before writing, I deeply studied and employed the latest AIGC technology achievements, including ChatGPT 4.0, Midjourney, and Stable Diffusion SDXL 1.0. I also extensively reviewed high-quality AIGC-generated content on websites like CIvital. I've profoundly felt the potential changes AIGC could bring to the design industry. Thus, I penned this article based on my reflections on these new design opportunities, serving as an exploration and attempt at how AIGC can be applied in product design. 
