---
title: "Construction of computer-aided product innovation design system based on AIGC"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2023-9-14-paper-title-number-8
excerpt: 'This paper proposes a computer-aided design system (CADS) based on AIGC, and verifies the feasibility of CADS through the case of a center console in electric vehicles.'
date: 2023-9-14
venue: 'Journal of Intelligent & Fuzzy Systems, under review'
paperurl: 'https://yumengha.github.io/yumhao.github.io/files/paper8.pdf'
citation: 'M.H. Yu, Construction of computer-aided product innovation design system based on AIGC, Journal of Intelligent & Fuzzy Systems (2023)'
---
**Abstract** With the development of AI technology, AIGC applications represented by ChatGPT are continually emerging, 
offering designers brand-new design tools. How designers should flexibly utilize the advantages of AIGC to expand creative 
boundaries, has become a crucial topic in exploring the future development path of design. To this end, this paper proposes a 
computer-aided design system (CADS) based on AIGC, and verifies the feasibility of CADS through the case of a center console in electric vehicles. In CADS, we regard the latest achievements of AIGC technology as beneficial tools to aid innovation.
Simultaneously, to enhance the originality and depth of content generated by AIGC, we use sentiment analysis based on online 
review data to mine users’ emotional tendencies, and use them as the emotional source for AIGC-generated content. Then, 
through training ChatGPT, we obtained Prompts in a professional format, which was input into Stable Diffusion for the text-to-image task. At this stage, we conducted three rounds of large-scale image generation. Following fine-tuning via the image-to-image function, we ultimately obtained high-quality product rendering images. For the first time, the research combines 
AIGC with product design from a practical application standpoint, laying a solid foundation for future product design practices 
based on AIGC.
**Keywords:** Industrial Design, Artificial Intelligence, Emotional Mining, ChatGPT, Stable Diffusion


[Download paper here](https://yumengha.github.io/yumhao.github.io/files/paper8.pdf)

Recommended citation: M.H. Yu, Construction of computer-aided product innovation design system based on AIGC, Journal of Intelligent & Fuzzy Systems (2023).
